All right, here we go. Plan update for the end of the day, five, seven. Uh, COCC is wrapped up. The share has been posted. Uh, the issue with the incorrect payroll source is currently being fixed. The appropriate team is on the fix, they know what's going on. They know what to look for. And it looks like the wheels are spinning, and that should be resolved. Uh, but, I mean, ultimately, in dynamite power anyway, I've done what I needed to do. I provided enough information. So, that's where we are there. Uh, we still need to figure out. I think the, there was an issue where they're sending, we're being told that payroll files are being sent. But they're not landing in the FTP folder. So I'm not entirely sure what's going on there. So, I'm not entirely sure also how much I need to be involved in that, but I'm okay with facilitating just making sure, um, you know, the right people get the information and just thinking continue to be moving and eventually get moved off everybody's play. Um, let's see. International School of Denver, that one is all good. We're moving along with that. I sent the base file out. That is in the works now, so we're just waiting for that to come back, and then we also will be getting into payroll pretty soon, too. But it looks like those aren't even going to be processed until long after anyway. I think the last payroll for them is in the middle of next month, but and it's UKG, so they should have our specs. pretty much ready to go. So the integration shouldn't be that difficult. So I just need to go back and check the actual details in the folder and take care of business for that one there. So we'll just be posting eligibility. Uh, I wanna see if I can already do that. I don't know if I have to wait until... the effective date, or if I could do it right now, I don't know, but I'll figure it out, get ahead of that and get it done already. But yeah, we're not doing anything else. Defaulting elections. And we finally do get that base file, and we are not mapping deferrals. We're gonna let them make those changes after. So that one is, uh, is there? So I guess who the main thing with that is just... Getting that base file back, getting them imported. and then, wait and see when we can start doing the eligibility, but then, again, probably should wait until, or definitely wait until the baseball comes back because there are eligibility fields in there. We'll wait, we'll get it. It will come. Havern found out about that one. Got everything taken care of on that. Uh, we got the, so for this one here we needed census, need eligibility, and deferrals. And census elections deferrals and eligibility. So we got that. But one thing to kind of keep in mind. Are the people who had no higher dates? Yeah, birthdays no higher dates, but they had term dates. So, We'll shall see about that one. Um, I should have said something like, you know. But anyway, we'll we'll we'll keep those off to his side. Just keep them. I got them flagged. Highly unlikely that they're even going to be involved in anything because they're termed it for way, way, way long ago, so I'm sure these people probably just got lumped in because they were just in the system or something like that. So, um, but they're flagged. And I got them. I got them flagged. So just in case. So my my stuff is done on that when it comes to the actual go live stuff and I think next week we'll be turning the the plan on. Um, and there's a lot of stuff going on. extra stuff, but it looks like we're pretty close to being done with that one. And then payroll will be kicking off soon. Um, another guy, another payroll person. said that they sent a test file that I did not get. So I'm not sure. So we got them. Uh, and then the, so that's the kind of the in between, I don't even know what you call, like the, they're advisors, they're not like financial advisors. They're just general advisors. So they're the ones who said they sent a test file, but I'm not sure how they would have done that. Um, I mean, they got the spec, so maybe they, I don't know, maybe either way. I sent the specs to the actual payroll company. So they've got it. So maybe they put together their own and then the payroll paid people are going to be putting theirs together. But either way, that's in motion. Everybody who needs to have what they need to get habit. So you just need to track down whatever file they said that they sent. I'm not sure exactly what it is. I couldn't find anything. So I'll have to check that out and make sure that, um, I get that. So we can check it out and start with all that because... We're gonna need to get going on that pretty soon, so that's that. I think they're their last payroll. It's just coming up now, so I'm gonna start being backed up at this point here, so hopefully we can get that, and they won't get too far backed up. We can get those processed and moving already. Without having to wait. You can just jump right in and nothing will be backlogged. Um, let's see, moving on, Pella. Uh, Tonya reached out. I saw an email that she sent to Sally. banging on about the final files. Didn't get anything today, unfortunately. Still have not. I don't know what's going on, but Tonya did follow up on her email to tell her, let's get going, you know? Come on, let's get that login and get those files over to us as soon as we can. So tomorrow I'll follow up with her on my requests because gotta make sure that she actually sees what I'm asking for. So she'll get that. So I'll send that tomorrow too. Because we are at the end of the 3 to 5 business days after the wire to tomorrow, so we need to get that. Took a while last time too. I think it took about this. think it took about this long. to get the, you know, the 1st time around for Pella. Not out of the ordinary, but it sucks that we have to wait, but it is ridiculous. So, follow up with Sally tomorrow on those things. Uh, Libby's. I got followed up on that one there. Not much to do. The onboarding package isn't finished yet. It's not built in P3 yet, so we don't have there's a lot of stuff that is still open. So we'll be waiting on that. He'll be waiting. Um, Wow. Um... Yeah, so I'll do what I can on that. Not much going on. That's like a 8 one. way in the future. But either way, we got something to kind of dig into and look into. Um, Let's see. That's it. All the other ones are down the road. Uh, let's see, I think... Banyan, Banyan, I should be getting a... Base file, the next, I think. I'm going to give it to him. I think by the end of next week. So we'll be following up on that, uh, sometimes right week. We have a meeting. We have a meeting with them. Uh, we'll bring that up. Just remote her, bring that up and ask him how the, how that baseball thing is going because they did get the, they got it last week. So. We'll see how, you know, where they are with that. That is it for now. So there is where we are. Um, have a meeting with Nick tomorrow and a couple other, uh, high level managers about use of AI and things like that. I'm very excited about that. So I'm hoping that's going to go well for yourself. Got to make sure I re prep for that. I got to get, got to comb through all my... slide decks and things like that, and make sure I have a good presentation for them, 'cause I do have a lot, and I want to make sure they see the right thing. But that's gonna be fun. I can't wait for that. We have a kalitus, host, go live, tomorrow. That should be nice. Just a good one to say, hey, you know, good looking now. Things went well, blah, blah, blah, blah. And we're all good now. So that's gonna be a nice one there. Supposed to be today, but rescheduled for today. Or tomorrow, I mean. Um, That's it, man. Yeah, so we just gotta tighten up, get ready for that presentation, tomorrow, and if we get final records for Pella, Time to get working, man. We can jump into a lot of processing, so let's stay ahead. How you doing, brother? So, that is where we are, project wise, just keep adding to NBI. Excuse me, to the TA brain, uh, keep adding to the profile builder, and just look to grab more resources to to dump in, ask around and see if we can get some... some more stuff, man. 'Cause I've got most of the stuff that I've looked at all the places where I know to look, and I know there's some, probably some other places that I don't know about, so hopefully I can find that ferry treasure somewhere and get to add more stuff. And I also need to make sure that I bring over all the screenshots and diagrams, all the assets that I have for the... what I have on my personal computer, and bring them over, and map them correctly over here, because it has a broken links, and they get some really cool pictures that I want to include. So I need to make sure I figure that out, get the right structure. Pre sure I know where to put it. Um, but, yeah, you want to make sure we get that straightened out. And then, you know, just see if anybody needs any help, um, you know, reach out, ask anybody if anybody needs a hand with anything. Hopefully, I could catch somebody, and get some, get a couple of minutes with them, and showing some of my stuff. Especially Anita, what the hell? Seems like, uh, she's not really perceptive, her, yeah, they really don't say much. I don't know. I know they're busy, but hopefully I can nail them down and show them what I got, so... But there you go. There is May 7th, my 15 year anniversary, by the way. I'm very happy about that. 15 years. They lived my wife for 15 years, man. Anyway, so that's the end of today. So, uh, there it is.

Sent from my iPhone
