Okay, need to bring dump for Wednesday. May 6th. Um. So here we go. We're gonna do today, today. C-O-C-C. We need to finish up the dividend processing and post the residual shares. So the dividends are gonna be for the 98506 plan. And that's all set up. All I gotta do is make a ref number on P2. And... Um, be ready to post because I already tested it. So we just get a, a, um, rough number attached to that. And we'll get that posted and complete. Um... And then That should be it. And then the, uh, the residuals is the money market fund, and I think it's gonna be for, uh, 506 also. I'm pretty sure of that, because, because everything else, I just needed to do the Zig, and I had to change the 98506, um, to all black rocks. So, yeah, both of those is gonna be for that. So, looks like I could just take pretty much what I was already gonna be posting and post that today. So let's get that all the way done. All the way done, and then let's just let everybody know, too, let, um, Damien and Matt know, and we'll clear that out there. So, that will finish up COCC. So, um, get those posted up. And then I also need to clean everything up after two, so let's delete all of the remaining, uh, duplicate ref numbers and get this one all cleared out. For International School of Denver. Let send out that base file. It's already ready to go. Just do one quick final run through, again, not a lot, but, um, we'll attach that and send it on to the team. And then what I want to do is look through the UKG payroll specs and see exactly what, um, Jocelyn was talking about, um, because, uh, I don't really quite understand her email. So, once you check that out, just make sure we're, um, ahead of that one, because that was gonna be coming up. Maybe we got plenty of time, remember, on our payroll call. talking about not even sending anything until, like, the 19th of June or something. But either way, let's just check it out. May as well get ahead of things. Propella Carolina, looks like our meeting today is gonna be canceled, which is fine. It looks like Tonya has just told Sally. Hey, it's had really much to talk about. We're just waiting on final files, and she reached out, and I reached out to Sally as well. So I reached out to her and told you, just followed up as well. to have her check the plan sponsor site to see if the final files are available, and they should be here sometime this week. I also emailed her yesterday about, um, beginning the deferral report. So I'll have Tonya ask her about that today, too. I'll talk to Tonya. She's probably gonna delete um, cancel the meeting today, which is perfectly fine with me. So, let's just link up with her today. Um, and then I know what the deal is, and we'll get the... an update, and then if she's got to help kind of light the fire under Sally, or get the ball rolling, or add the emphasis on why we need that so badly, um, you know, maybe we can talk about that. But again, you know, I'm anticipating it being too much of a massive, massive problem. Once we get, once we get into contact at ADP who actually returns our emails, I think would be okay. Okay, um, Leby's kind of meeting with them a little bit later today. They're just starting out, and I think at this point here, I think the 1st time we talked, it was just an intro. So, um, I think Damien should be hopefully wrapping up the onboarding package for this one soon, and then we can start getting the base file carved up. So, at least get started on that today. We can get all this stuff done that we can go on P3, check it out, make sure everything's all good, make sure the classes are in there. So just do a quick little preliminary P3 check. And let's standardize that too. Let's standardize that. It's gonna be an aside to do, make a P3 checklist, like a P3 check, you know, once P3 is up for a plan, a little checklist for us to go through, for the things that we need, populate, like, sources, classes, auto enroll, details, like, star day, escalation, and all that type of stuff. There's a few places that we need to go to check to make sure that everything's there. So I'll do that for this plan. And then, again, we'll make a checklist for like a DC checklist. DC 3P. Sorry, DC P3 checklist. So, that'd be kind of cool. And again, we get the meeting later today. Um, so I'll get a little bit more details on that, but that's kind of where we are right now. For Haven, uh, that much pop, I don't have a meeting with him today, but I want to get with... Sarah. Today. Um... And see where we are with that plan. We got some meetings tomorrow, but, um, yeah, give us Sarah, and let's get an update on that plan there. All right, and then that's mainly it. We get central Maine today, but that's an 81. That one's way down in the future. Um, and it looks like it's some, it's like external, I probably would only be need to go to that meeting today. But anyway, we'll get the... I think we're gonna be scheduling a vendor call pretty soon with them, and they're also gonna be doing one with that, um, with Bonnie here, but that's not today. Okay, so never project stuff. So once we kind of get all the work stuff done. Let's go in, and let's finish up that email mover, EBA. Put the skin on the output on the user form. Well, the move summary. Let's get that in there. Um, I got a few of those ready to go. So let's get that done. I think about refactoring some of the VBA, some of the macros we got. Just go through and just check out. I think I've already done that a few times, but let's just do another pass. Check to see if any user forms can get any new skins. And, um, let's do that. Uh, let's look to see about getting a good export system going in the balances and queries, uh, or the query balances or whatever, the informatica exports, the balance, uh, the balance, queries, exports. Uh, Yeah, 'cause right now, I got a few things where there'd be some processes where all update, like, 4 or 5 tables, and right now, I'm extracting them one by one, but I like to have a routine where It just takes all of them, or, uh, refreshes. I think that'd be the better one. refreshes a set, and then once they're refreshed, exports them. So let's look into that, uh, figuring out, like, a plan to do a big, uh, quick export, quick refresh and quick export. Like I said, you just pop in the case number, the ref numbers, push a button, you know, day wire, four tables, refresh, get a message, boom, send it on through. Hit the export button, and you're good to go, and you get a nicely formatted export. And also, let's finish up our daily summary automation. I think I'm pretty much already there. I have it all set up. I just think the last thing I need to do is get it to send, or just need to change the email address to mine, and then just run a few more tests to make sure that it's only grabbing the one thing, it's not grabbing any duplicates. Set up the folders the way I mean, you gotta be. You know, and then, um, run a few tests to see if it's gonna end up here in my work folder. And if that's the case, then we have options, I'll plenty. So once we do get that fixed, I want to set up a couple more automations, a couple more, like, emails that I'll be sending to myself. with some cool graphics and cool, you know, articles and things like that. So, that's gonna be another thing that will be setting up today. We're curating my, uh, you know, a couple daily, weekly, monthly newsletters. That's gonna be tight, so... that is gonna be it for today. So there's your brain done for May 6, baby.

Sent from my iPhone
