Okay, here we go. brain dump. Good one to test for. The uh, the Codex version. All right, so where am I right now? I just wrapped up the 2 loan or the loan issues for Calitus. Thank goodness that's done. Um, what did I learn from this? Even there's only 5 loans? Go slow. Very slow. Don't trust the output. If it's not that much, slow your ass down and check it. You totally can. Don't be lazy. Okay? Be thorough. Check everything. Don't assume just because it loaded. That it's in right. Okay? So let's let's make sure we get that fixed up. Found a really interesting way to do hay vesting override 2 different ways. We have a catch all, kind of just, you could use if, you've got every, uh, if every employer source, if every, uh, you know, not 100% immediate investing source, uh, for every, if, okay, let me try this again. If every non 100% vested source has the same, uh, the same rules. So five-year cliff, three-year cliff, whatever, five-year grade, this and that. If it's all the same, then you can use the years of service and just give everybody 55 years. It's, uh, a bunch of years, it's, um, it's gonna satisfy the most, you know, the, the, the, the, the biggest one, which is 5 years, but it's a weird number, so it stands out. So it's good to know, like, these people were entered with that, so you know, right? And just come into the plane with 55 years of service. If you see that, then, you know, there's, you know, these people are kind of special. Or, You can set up an EDS layout. And if we have, let's say, if it's a five-year graded or a five-year cliff, set it up with Soch, the source I, for whichever source you're gonna be working on. And, uh, so for 5 years, you would have 5 uh, 5 columns, one, two, three, four, five, so after year one, after year two, after year three, and you put 100 for all of the years. So, you turn that five-year thing in everybody, even if you're one day of service, you put that in there and it overrides everything, and you're at 100%. Now, think about that, takes a lot longer to set up because you have to set up a line for each source eye, but it's surgical. And if you have different vesting rules for those sources, you gotta do it that way. Because yours of service will just get you everything. Um, But this way here, you can be very pointed and calculated with what sources are going to be overroad. So if you want to just pick one that you do it that way. Um, so good to know. Good to know. Uh, let's see. Um, for, uh, the international school of Denver, uh, we had the bass file meeting today. Well, I'm going to shoot that on over to them. There's not going to be a lot going to be put on there because it is going to be treated as a startup. So no year to date stuff, no deferral stuff. Participants are going to make their own changes once everything kicks off. Um, So essentially, I'm going to be just uh, entering the census, defaulting the elections. And that's largely it. Not really much else on my end. Um, So I will be sending out the completed base file soon, so that's a to do. Got to make sure I do that. We can do that by the end of the day today. All right, let's see. What else is on the list? Had another base file, discussion yesterday with Banion, okay? I kind of got caught, caught slipping there. wasn't prepared. You know, the takeaway, be prepared. Just get those base files done. Dug on it. get the **** bass files finished. They'll let that be the 1st **** thing you do. Okay? First thing you get a plane, get the baseball done. ASAP. Get that **** out there, okay? So, there's that. And after this, we just prep with Pella, I sent an email out to Sally asking her, hey, you know, just, you should be checking for the final files pretty soon. We should be getting that. asked her to see if she could reach out and get the deferral report, too. Um, so that's gonna help us out. We're not gonna have to wait for super duper, duper, duper, duper long. Everyone's getting loaded up, uh, in default anyway, or out of default, so, hopefully, we get that sooner, rather than later, we can get this whole conversion wrapped up. So, I'm gonna bang on them, get that going right now. And that's it, for right now, everything else is kind of out in the, in the future. So that is my brief for today. So the next thing on the side projects is to keep building up the TA wiki. Now TA brain, add more and more and more and more. Let's get some more procedures in there, and let's start really building up this onboarding program. And let's set some standards, baby. So there is the brain dump for Cinco de Maya, May 5th, 2026.

Sent from my iPhone
